As data becomes the
modern currency,
so the ability to
quickly and accurately
analyze that data has become
of paramount importance.
One of the most flexible and
increasingly powerful tools
at our disposal is Excel.
Since the late '90s,
Microsoft has been adding
Analytics functionality,
and Excel now offer
some fairly potent tools
for doing data analysis.
These include more
effective tools for
cleaning and
transforming text data,
functions for performing
those tricky date
calculations, and tables,
which impose greater
data integrity and
help automate the effect
of changes to the data.
In this course, we will
delve into these new tools,
as well as covering the
longstanding data preparation,
aggregation, logical
and lookup functions.
Over five weeks, we're
going to walk you through
a practical case study
seen through the eyes
of Zara from the Accounts
Department of our firm.
She's responsible for the
monthly reconciliation,
but the data she receives
from their supplier is
problematic and not compatible
with her own system data.
We will help Zara develop
a solution that not
only addresses all
of the issues with the data and
largely automates
the reconciliation,
but also offers a solution that
is fully reusable in the future.
These are the topics
we will cover.
In week 1, we will focus on
text functions for cleaning
and manipulating text data.
Week 2, we're going to look at
date functions for working
more effectively with dates.
Week 3, we're going to
explore named ranges,
a way of simplifying
calculations and helping
automate processes.
Week 4, the focus is tables,
for more effective and
automated data management.
Week 5, we'll look at Logical
and Lookup functions for
categorizing, linking,
and decision-making.
Regardless of what
sector you're in,
this course will give
you a solid grounding in
the fundamental Excel
analysis tools to
equip and empower
you to get on top of
your data and accelerate
your data analytics.
Our previous Coursera
specialization,
Excel Skills for Business,
has been rated highly at
4.8 stars out of five,
and impacted over a
100,000 learners like you.
In this specialization,
we focus on
Excel skills for Data
Analytics and Visualization.
Join us on this exciting journey.